Transaction Consolidation Script
This script, consolidate_transactions.py, is designed to help you consolidate transaction data from multiple bank or credit card CSV files into a single, standardized master file.

How It Works
The script now uses a dedicated configuration file, config.py, to manage different bank formats. It performs the following steps:

Configuration: You define a "format map" for each type of CSV file you have in config.py. This map tells the script which columns in your bank's file correspond to the standardized columns in the master file.

Dynamic Mapping: The main script looks at the prefix of each CSV file's name (e.g., 19988560) and automatically retrieves the correct configuration from config.py.

Processing: It reads each of your CSV files, renames the columns according to the format map, and adds extra information.

Standardization: All transactions are then compiled into a single data structure with the required columns.

Export: The final, consolidated data is exported to a new CSV file.

Master File Columns
The output master CSV file will have the following columns, as per your request:

Transaction Date: Mapped from your input file.

Transaction Account: Mapped from your input file.

Transaction Description: Mapped from your input file.

Currency: Set to a fixed value (GBP for the first file).

Credit/Debit: Determined by the Debit Amount or Credit Amount in the input file.

Category: Will be left empty.

Subcategory: Will be left empty.

Note: Will be left empty.

Year: Will be left empty.

Month: Will be left empty.

Day: Will be left empty.

Transaction Date2: Will be left empty.

Important Considerations
Extending for New Formats
To add support for a new bank or credit card, simply follow these steps:

Open the config.py file.

Add a new entry to the file_formats dictionary. The key should be the unique file prefix (e.g., '12345678'), and the value should be a dictionary containing the format_map, currency, and account_type.

Adding Files to Process
To process your files, open the consolidate_transactions.py file and edit the input_files list in the if __name__ == '__main__' section. Add the file paths of all the CSVs you want to consolidate.

How to Run
Make sure you have Python installed.

Install the pandas library by running the following command in your terminal:

pip install pandas

Place your config.py, consolidate_transactions.py, and your CSV files in the same directory.

Run the script from your terminal:

python consolidate_transactions.py

The script will create a new file named master_transactions.csv containing all your consolidated data.
